Aren’t you able to catch up on the process? Why are you coming back?
What is goude? Can you show respect?
Respect? People like you can come in and stop!
Do it yourself and tell you!
Don't think you can catch the process,
I'll take half of your chicken,
If you fail, I will double it!
It’s a good chair, but you’d better mention it,
You can limit the amount of dust together,
Otherwise, everything is fine!
If there is a gap in rice, can you not bring me and the concern you arouse so that it can't be broken?
Are you holding me?
That day he came and went to treat the medicine man in front of so many people,
for you,
He could have taken this as a surprise
We all tell you our ideals
He is your protector
I don't understand this
He doesn't know what a woman wants.
This is choosing a woman
It's the talent of your hand that makes it famous and loved.
You can't just put it forward after thinking about it.
You shouldn’t be involved in these things either.
Just passed it
He took it out of my hands
I am very process
Only broken
His old sayings and artificial lawsuits
And I also resigned from him.
Follow him there from now on
Can you die like this?